Add documentation for the Filter Plugin Manager (#254)
laminas/laminas-filter: docs/book/v3/plugin-manager.md

```php
$filterPluginManager = new Laminas\Filter\FilterPluginManager(
    new Laminas\ServiceManager\ServiceManager()
);
```

## Retrieving Filters

Filters can be retrieved from the filter plugin manager using the `get()` method.
The filter plugin manager will automatically create an instance of the requested filter if it does not already exist.

Fetching a filter by its class name:

```php
$filter = $filterPluginManager->get(Laminas\Filter\StringTrim::class);
```

Fetching a filter by its alias:

```php
$filter = $filterPluginManager->get('stringtrim');
$filter = $filterPluginManager->get('stringTrim');
$filter = $filterPluginManager->get('StringTrim');
```

TIP: The filter plugin manager is not really necessary for all filters which are provided by laminas-filter, _[beside the filter chains](filter-chains.md)_.
Because all filters can be created without external dependencies, directly by using the constructor.
(The filter chains require the filter plugin manager as a dependency to create the filters they contain.)

## Registering Custom Filters

> Custom filters can be registered with the filter plugin manager using the `configure` method or bypassing configuration to the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom filters can be registered with the filter plugin manager using the `configure` method or by passing configuration to the constructor.
```

    [
        'factories' => [
            Album\Filter\ExampleFilter::class => Album\Filter\ExampleFilterFactory::class,
        ],
        'aliases' => [
            'examplefilter' => Album\Filter\ExampleFilter::class,
        ],
        'abstract_factories' => [],
        'delegators'         => [],
        // …
    ]
);
```

### Fetching the Registered Custom Filter

The filter plugin manager can create the custom filter by the related class name:

```php
$filter = $filterPluginManager->get(ExampleFilter::class);
```

Or by its alias, if it has been registered:

```php
$filter = $filterPluginManager->get('examplefilter');
```

## Fetch a Custom Filter Without Registration

The filter plugin manager allows fetching custom filters **without prior registration** with the manager.

The following example creates a custom filter that does not require any dependencies:

```php
final class ExampleFilter implements Laminas\Filter\FilterInterface
{
    public function filter(mixed $value): mixed
    {
        // …
    }
}
```

The filter plugin manager can create the custom filter by the related class name:

```php
$filter = $filterPluginManager->get(ExampleFilter::class);
```

> The manager uses [the factory `Laminas\ServiceManager\Factory\InvokableFactory`](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-servicemanager/v4/configuring-the-service-manager/#factories) to instantiate the filter, and will also pass the options for the filter to the constructor:

Reviewer: Is it worth documenting the `build` method, which is the only way for client code to pass options to the filter plugin manager for filter constructors?

```php
$filter = $filterPluginManager->get(
    ExampleFilter::class,
    [
        // Options for the filter
    ]

> );

Reviewer: Ah yes - this is not correct. `get` no longer has `$options`

https://github.com/laminas/laminas-servicemanager/blob/04f919d9dafb1d19436ed289673d1a867b772fe0/src/AbstractPluginManager.php#L187

Author: You are right!

```

WARNING: An alias for the custom filter is not automatically created.
If an alias is to be used, [it must be registered manually](#registering-custom-filters) in the filter plugin manager configuration.

## Why Is the Filter Plugin Manager Relevant?

> The filter plugin manager is relevant because it is used in [input filters of laminas-inputfilter](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-inputfilter/), stand-alone or in [forms of laminas-form](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-form/).

Reviewer: Just a thought, that a simple sentence to describe its main purpose might be:

> The primary purpose of the `FilterPluginManager` is to provide a single object that can retrieve _any_ known filter, regardless of whether it has complex dependencies or not.

Internally, the manager is used to create filters for the input filter.

The following form illustrates how the filters are defined for the input filter.

> The filters are automatically fetched from the filter plugin manager by their class name or alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filters are automatically retrieved from the filter plugin manager by their class name or alias.
```

Reviewer: Is it worth noting that filters are not "shared", i.e.

```php
$plugins->get(SomeFilter::class) !== $plugins->get(SomeFilter::class);
```
